docs: add redesign blog post (#1237)
lyft/clutch: docs/blog/2021-04-05-great-design-is-transparent.md

Without being able to experiment and iterate, most of the design decisions are largely guesses as to what would work best for your audience and these will likely get your product to a place where the design is “good”. This isn’t bad, a good design is something to be proud of. Users will engage with your product and recognize the thought put into the various pieces and interactions. However, an even better experience to strive for would be a design that is transparent. This might seem counterintuitive; you might think that you want users to see and appreciate all of the work put into design when, in fact, you actually want the opposite. 

> A transparent design is one that results in a  user experience so intuitive and seamless that little thought is given to using the product, as there is no friction, and users are ultimately drawn back in the future. However, it’s imperative to note that it’s easy to forget that you don’t know what you don’t know, spending too much time trying to achieve a “great” design. Early on in a project this is rather futile as things will likely change as feedback comes in since it plays a key role in shaping your design. It’s a better use of time to get the design to a good spot, ship earlier, and iterate often.

Reviewer: actually 1 more comment. i'm a little unclear on what `users are ultimately drawn back in the future` mean? maybe it's the combo of the words "back" and "future" used in the same sentence.

Author: 👍  drawn back to the product because its ease of use. Let me know if you think there is a better way to phrase this.

Reviewer: ah okay! 🚢

## Minimum Viable Product

> The initial public release of Clutch was actually the third iteration of the front-end; we had previously built an internal proof of concept. This meant we weren’t starting entirely from scratch. However, both previous versions were using a deprecated component library. [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) was chosen as the component library for Clutch because it offered a wide selection of pre-existing components along with design standards based on Google’s Material Design. This was especially important as the team was relatively small with no dedicated designers. Over the course of about six months our team built out something comparable to what the internal tool looked like but with the default material designs. Most workflows were primarily using the Material UI components directly, with a few additional custom components. We decided that was sufficient for our MVP and shipped what we had.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial public release of Clutch was actually the third iteration of the frontend; we had previously built an internal proof of concept. This meant we weren’t starting entirely from scratch. However, both previous versions were using a deprecated component library. [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) was chosen as the component library for Clutch because it offered a wide selection of pre-existing components along with design standards based on Google’s Material Design. This was especially important as the team was relatively small with no dedicated designers. Over the course of about six months our team built out something comparable to what the internal tool looked like but with the default material designs. Most workflows were primarily using the Material UI components directly, with a few additional custom components. We decided that was sufficient for our MVP and shipped what we had.
```

<img alt="Clutch Storybook Accordion" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1004789/113596886-c634bf00-95ef-11eb-9743-bd20fae758a6.png" />

## Decisions, Decisions...

Knowing we were about to begin tackling the large task of implementing the new component and workflow designs, we decided to revisit several pieces of the current Clutch frontend stack. It was crucial that we made the best decision up front as migrating later would be a much larger effort.

### Component Library

As previously mentioned, Clutch originally shipped with Material UI as the component library, primarily out of necessity given our lack of dedicated design resources. When looking over the landscape we narrowed the choices for how to build out our new component library down to three options:

  * Build our own components from scratch
  * Utilize an existing Lyft internal component library and help them open source
  * Continue to build custom components wrapping Material UI components under the hood

> Each of these has its trade offs and ultimately we decided to go with the third option. Building out and maintaining our own components wasn’t feasible with the current size of the team and introducing a dependency on an external team to open source a Lyft component library had potential to our timeline at risk. Building out custom components that wrapped Material’s components allowed us to inject custom styles where needed, control the interface for our components, and leverage the amazing work that so many others are actively putting into the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these has its trade offs and ultimately we decided to go with the third option. Building out and maintaining our own components wasn’t feasible with the current size of the team and introducing a dependency on an external team to open source a Lyft component library had potential to put our timeline at risk. Building out custom components that wrapped Material’s components allowed us to inject custom styles where needed, control the interface for our components, and leverage the amazing work that so many others are actively putting into the project.
```
